[Music]
hey how's it going space QD here so a
few months ago at CES I was at a
Coursera presentation and they were
going to reveal a product and based on
the emails that were kind of going back
and forth between Coursera and I I
thought that they were going to reveal
some super secret laptop it wasn't it
was this thing which is way better than
a super secret laptop this is my dream
computer this is called Corsair one it's
a pre-built 12 litre computer that holds
a full-size GPU now for comparison of
size this is a 2013 Mac Pro it's around
five and a half or six liters the
average ITX case is around 18 to 20
litres my micro ATX case is around 40
litres it's pretty big the coarser one
is 12 litres it's small on the exterior
it's a smooth black finish really good
build quality none of the edges are
nasty sharp or anything aesthetically I
like it it's not for everyone but I
think they did a good job on the design
there's some lighting up front but
Corsair 1 against the grain and instead
of falling the whole RGB trend we're
seeing everywhere it only lights up in
blue you can control the brightness and
timing settings in software decide to
have these triangular perforations there
for airflow and you'll see in a minute
why there's so many of them the i/o is
pretty good I mean it's desktop PC
running full-size graphics card on the
back we have audio jacks AC Wi-Fi
Ethernet - the very important ps2 ports
and 6 USB ports one of them being Type C
but it's not son of all three up front
we have HDMI 2.0 and a USB 3.1 which is
perfect for VR setups a lot of companies
have made small gaming pcs but to see
what makes for some special you have to
go inside opening it up is pretty easy
you press a switch and the top grille
pops off underneath this grille is the
main fan it's a corsair Maglev fan these
things are awesome
lots of airflow and really quiet you
remove some screws and then you're
inside so this system is water cooled by
two separate loops on the CPU side
there's one loop that uses a thin 240
millimeter rad this is cooling a kb lake
kay and you'll notice there's no fans on
this radiator the airflow to cool this
thing is primarily coming from that
maglev fan at the top and then on the
other side the GPU side there's another
loop with its own rat so this one's also
a sin 240 millimeter rad the GPU in this
unit the review unit is a water-cooled
GG X 1080 but the base model has an
air-cooled gtx 1070 so we have three
fans the big Maglev fan up top the fan
on the GPU side and then the fan inside
the power supply which looks like a SF
400 from coarser these are supposed to
be enough to cool this entire system
through assisted convection so cool air
sucks in through the sides and then hot
air rises out the motherboard is on one
side the GPU instead of just slotting in
like a normally wood is connected using
a riser and then there's a PCIe ribbon
that folds over to the other side the 16
gigs of ram are easy to replace if you
want to put in an nvme drive there is an
m2 slot behind the motherboard and
there's two two and half inch drive bays
but if you want to replace any of this
stuff the motherboard the CPU the GPU
just about everything I mean it's not
going to be easy it's a pretty cramped
case but it can be done so it has to be
honest when I first saw this thing at
CES I mean it looks pretty cool and it's
super small and it's very quiet but I
wasn't sure how the performance would be
because it's super packed in there and a
GTX 1080 and a 7700 K get really hot now
these components have been benchmarked a
million times so I'm not going to bore
you with too many numbers but the
performance was as expected for the CPU
and GPU combination fan noise on idle is
pretty quiet it's not completely silent
like a Mac Pro but you can't really hear
it on maximum load and we're not talking
with the game here we're talking like
the stress test
it's definitely audible but considering
the horsepower of the system has it's
still very quiet playing games on this
thing is a blast
my g-sync monitor is 1440p so that's the
resolution I play on even poorly
optimized games run well on this thing
because of how powerful the hardware is
and which are three still one of the
most demanding games on the market right
now runs nicely and this is what hair
works on and even when playing a game
like this the fan
still pretty quiet the next thing I did
was overclock it and this is where I was
most impressed the 7700 K was able to
hit 5 gigahertz comfortably and the GTX
1080i was able to get it running at
around 1900 migrated the CPU
temperatures were a little warm during
these stress tests but this is a solid
overclock and honestly I think I could
have gone further but I got sucked into
playing some games so I usually play
overwatch on low settings for max frame
rates but here I'm running it on ultra
graphics at 1440p with the CPU at 5
gigahertz and the GPU over 1900
megahertz even after hours of gaming
temperatures were comfortable system was
stable and everything was still quiet
the overclocking potential in the system
is really impressive
video editing is also really nice on
this thing it's fast and it's quiet I
work with 5k footage and this thing does
a fantastic job with it for VR the
coarser one obviously handles very
really nicely the gtx 1070 and the 1080
are well above the recommended specs for
VR titles right now and because the
chassis is so small you can just leave
it out without being too much of an
eyesore so I had the system sitting in
my living room for two weeks in my wife
didn't care because it's small and quiet
the performance on this thing is awesome
and it's not just fast component because
anyone can just stick fast components
into a case but they have it properly
cooled so there's no throttling and
there's still room for overclocking and
the whole while they're doing in a small
case that's super quiet now in terms of
pricing the base model starts at $1,800
but the one I like the most is the
Corsair one Pro the one with the GTX
1080 and that costs twenty two hundred
dollars which is a lot of money for a
desktop PC now some people are gonna be
like why would you buy this thing when
you just build your own custom PC for
like seven dollars but actually want to
know how much does it actually cost to
build a 12 liter ITX system with these
specs so 100 PC part picker loaded up
the configurator now you got to pony up
for a 12 liter case that can fit a GG X
1080 there's not many of them and
they're not cheap once you get all the
parts I'm coming in at around $1,800 and
that doesn't include the second rad that
you would need to water cool the GPU
once you get one of those and a maglev
fan to kind of cool everything down the
way they did it it's going to be like
1950 or more most likely more so when
you compare the price for $2,200 that
Corsair built it they're going to slap a
2 year warranty on it it's engineered
properly it's not that much of a premium
we're talking like 10 12 percent more
than 1950 that's pretty solid so if
you're looking for a small ITX system I
would highly recommend checking this
thing out I mean I check systems aren't
for everyone but if you are take a look
at this one because you can custom build
your own but it won't be nearly as like
complete as this like coming out box
obviously but building something that
has this kind of thermal performance
with this kind of fan noise is very
difficult if you do it yourself in this
form factor that's the end of this video
hope you guys enjoyed it some of you
liked it something you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]